readme.md, before:

# Installation
Requires Python 3.5 or greater. Install packages using the following command after cloning the repo:

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

A configuration file called *config.ini* is also required in the root directory.  See the example ini file for settings

# Sample Usage
Finance
<pre>
>>> from finance import DataModel
from finance import FinanceModel
>>> test = FinanceModel()
test = DataModel()
>>> test.show_graph('BCHAIN/ATRCT', {'collapse': 'quarterly', 'start_date': '2013-01-01', 'end_date': '2015-12-31'}, 'Wait time in minutes')
test.show_graph('BCHAIN/ATRCT', {'collapse': 'quarterly', 'start_date': '2013-01-01', 'end_date': '2015-12-31'}, 'Wait time in minutes')
>>> test.show_graph('BCHAIN/DIFF', {'collapse': 'quarterly', 'start_date': '2013-01-01', 'end_date': '2015-12-31'}, 'Difficulty')
test.show_graph('BCHAIN/DIFF', {'collapse': 'quarterly', 'start_date': '2013-01-01', 'end_date': '2015-12-31'}, 'Difficulty')
</pre>

Reddit
<pre>
>>> import datetime
import datetime
>>> from reddit import RedditModel
from reddit import RedditModel
>>> test = RedditModel()
test = RedditModel()
>>> startdate = datetime.date(2015,1,1)
startdate = datetime.date(2015,1,1)
>>> enddate = datetime.date(2016,1,1)
enddate = datetime.date(2016,1,1)
>>> r = test.getArticleCount(startdate,enddate,'bitcoin')
r = test.getArticleCount(startdate,enddate,'bitcoin')
>>> r['hits']['total']
r['hits']['total']
116294
>>> 
</pre>

Commit message:

Added code that joins financial data from quandl web api with reddit post statistics

readme.md, after:

# Installation
Requires Python 3.5 or greater. Install packages using the following command after cloning the repo:

`pip install -r requirements.txt`

A configuration file called *config.ini* is also required in the root directory.  See the example ini file for settings

# Sample Usage

<pre>
>>> from data import get_data_frame, plot_graph
from data import get_data_frame, plot_graph
>>> df = get_data_frame('2009-1-1', '2017-12-1', 'BCHAIN/MKPRU', 'annual', 'bitcoin', 100, 100)
df = get_data_frame('2009-1-1', '2017-12-1', 'BCHAIN/MKPRU', 'annual', 'bitcoin', 100, 100)
>>> print(df)
print(df)
        Date         Value  total   mean  mode  median  m_high  m_low
0 2017-12-31  10147.370000   6666  101.5   101   101.5     102    101
1 2016-12-31    952.150000   1761  104.0   105   104.0     104    104
2 2015-12-31    428.000000   2416  103.0   104   103.0     103    103
3 2014-12-31    317.400000   4115  102.0   101   102.0     102    102
4 2013-12-31    731.000000   2220  103.0   104   103.0     103    103
5 2012-12-31     13.590000     70  134.5   104   134.5     137    132
6 2011-12-31      4.995000     64  144.5   113   144.5     145    144
7 2010-12-31      0.299999      1  180.0   180   180.0     180    180
8 2009-12-31      0.000000      0   -1.0    -1    -1.0      -1     -1
>>> plot_graph(df, 'Bitcoin worth in USD', 'Price of Bitcoin from 1/1/2009 to 12/1/2017')
plot_graph(df, 'Bitcoin worth in USD', 'Price of Bitcoin from 1/1/2009 to 12/1/2017')
</pre>
